Stepper: describe API (#7166)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxStepper/1 Configuration/onSelectionChanging.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
A function that is called before selection changes.

##### param(e): ui/stepper:SelectionChangingEvent
Information about the event.

##### field(e.addedItems): Array<any>

> The data of the selected items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array that holds items being added to selection. 
```

> An array that holds items being added to selection. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An array that holds items being added to the selection.
```

##### field(e.cancel): Boolean | Promise<Boolean>

> Allows you to cancel selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to cancel selection change.
```

##### field(e.component): {WidgetName}
The UI component's instance.

##### field(e.element): DxElement
#include common-ref-elementparam with { element: "UI component" }

##### field(e.removedItems): Array<any>

> The data of the items removed from selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array that holds items being removed from selection.
```

> An array that holds items being removed from selection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An array that holds items being removed from the selection.
```
